Added i18n Testing section (#18)
rebeccaalpert/console: INTERNATIONALIZATION.md

These scripts can all be found in `./frontend/i18n-scripts`.

For more information, please review the [README](./frontend/i18n-scripts/README.md).

#### Testing

> We test that internationalization is working for various pages and components using the [i18next-pseudo](https://github.com/MattBoatman/i18next-pseudo) javascript library which returns translated strings in "Pseudolocalization" format. Our Cypress custom commands [cy.isPseudoLocalized()](https://github.com/openshift/console/blob/9c930b7b411f5e88f2f890639159e09bdadb78dc/frontend/packages/integration-tests-cypress/support/i18n.ts#L45) and [cy.testI18n()](https://github.com/openshift/console/blob/9c930b7b411f5e88f2f890639159e09bdadb78dc/frontend/packages/integration-tests-cypress/support/i18n.ts#L13) appends query params to urls to invoke "pseudolocalization" and is used in varous test suites such as [pseudolocalization.spec.ts](https://github.com/openshift/console/blob/1072d1bf6007fcd50dffd57219c300d3fe882e8b/frontend/packages/integration-tests-cypress/tests/i18n/pseudolocalization.spec.ts#L29) and [resource-crud.spec.ts](https://github.com/openshift/console/blob/12d9a30211a86a4979effb80c7cc8af8a68fd4a4/frontend/packages/integration-tests-cypress/tests/crud/resource-crud.spec.ts#L141) to verify strings in the masthead, dashboard, navigation menu, list views, and detail pages are translated.      

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We test that internationalization is working for various pages and components using the [i18next-pseudo](https://github.com/MattBoatman/i18next-pseudo) JavaScript library, which returns translated strings in "pseudolocalization" format. Our Cypress custom commands [cy.isPseudoLocalized()](https://github.com/openshift/console/blob/9c930b7b411f5e88f2f890639159e09bdadb78dc/frontend/packages/integration-tests-cypress/support/i18n.ts#L45) and [cy.testI18n()](https://github.com/openshift/console/blob/9c930b7b411f5e88f2f890639159e09bdadb78dc/frontend/packages/integration-tests-cypress/support/i18n.ts#L13) append query params to URLs to invoke "pseudolocalization" and are used in various test suites such as [pseudolocalization.spec.ts](https://github.com/openshift/console/blob/1072d1bf6007fcd50dffd57219c300d3fe882e8b/frontend/packages/integration-tests-cypress/tests/i18n/pseudolocalization.spec.ts#L29) and [resource-crud.spec.ts](https://github.com/openshift/console/blob/12d9a30211a86a4979effb80c7cc8af8a68fd4a4/frontend/packages/integration-tests-cypress/tests/crud/resource-crud.spec.ts#L141) to verify strings in the masthead, dashboard, navigation menu, list views, and detail pages are translated.      
```
